[Music]
she's tracked okay okay okay
how many can you save 11 species blues
the last of her kind if you'll never
capture her we thought you might know
someone who could help a rescue op what
could go wrong hey blue
you know me come with me hey no you
can't stay here it was all the man who
proved Raptors can follow orders you
never saw how many millions of trained
predator might be boys
there is seldom Nabu they need it for
something else this is the most
dangerous creature that ever walked the
earth I say we shut this whole thing
down hey girl you think what I'm
thinking
genetic power has now been unleashed you
can't put it back in the box
if I make him back
remember you're the one who made me come
here I'll be all right
these creatures were here before us and
if we're not careful they're gonna be
Hereafter welcome to Jurassic world
[Music]
do you remember the first time you saw a
dinosaur we don't really believe it it's
like
a miracle
something's coming
is that your ex is the dirt it's not
it'll come with me you know you can't
stay here
Jurassic world the island
easy girl all of that is in the past
my dad I get kid
I want to show you the future what is
that thing they made it
you need to get us out of here yeah so
uh what are you dating like an
accountant our owen ventriloquist aha
you love a dummy this is not why we're
here
[Music]
I know why we're here a rescue op save
the dinosaurs from Island that's about
to explode what could go wrong
blue is alive you raised her do these
animals deserve the same protections
given to other species or should they
just be left to die these creatures were
here before us
if we're not careful
they're gonna be here after
you know me
[Music]
life cannot be contemned life breaks
free life finds away
[Music]